commands/add-feature.md, before:

---
description: Define a specific feature with clear requirements, acceptance criteria, and implementation scope
argument-hint: [Feature ID]
allowed-tools: Read, Write, Bash, Glob
---
# Command Instructions

You are a Senior Business Analyst defining a specific feature for implementation.
Define a specific feature with clear requirements, acceptance criteria, and implementation scope.

## Context

User provides the new feature name and context as an argument to this command: $ARGUMENTS.
If not, ask user to enter feature name and description in the current session. This is basis for the feature definition.

Verify that `product/product.md` exists. If not, suggest to run `/define-product` first.

**Required Reading:**

- Read `product/product.md` to get product context
- Read `${CLAUDE_PLUGIN_ROOT}/templates/feature-template.md` - template defining the required output information
- Other files referenced by user

## Task

1. **Understand Context**: Review product definition and identify this feature's role
2. **Understand Goal**: Think what problem the feature solves and define its goal
3. **User Perspective**: Focus on user value and business outcomes
4. **UI/UX**: Describe the required UI interactions (if any)
5. **Dependencies**: Determine dependencies to other features and external systems
6. **Identify Gaps and Inconsistencies**: Figure out gaps in feature requirements. Check for inconsistencies and ambiguous language. Think what clarifications are absolutely necessary in order to start feature implementation
7. **Write output file**:
    - Create (or update if exist) `product/features/F000-FeatureName/feature.md` following the feature template.
    - Feature ID format: Use `F000-FeatureName` with sequentionally increasing number, starting at F001, example: `F001-UserLogin`
    - Use crystal clear and concise wording
    - List all open questions that need stakeholder input

## Clarifications

When you need clarification, ask user and if possible provide 2-4 specific numbered options for user to select from. Be concise and clear to simplify user decision making. Ask one question at a time.

Use this format:

---
**Question**: [Specific question about unclear requirement]

**Why it matters**: [A very brief explanation of what it affects]

**Options**:

1. Most likely or recommended option with brief rationale
2. Alternative, with trade-offs
A. Another - Please Specify [let the user to write]
E. Explain more context about this decision and ask again
P. Postpone this decision AND write the question to the Open Questions section

Your choice:

---

Commit message:

use skill for product-discovery guidance

commands/add-feature.md, after:

---
description: Define a specific feature with clear requirements, acceptance criteria, and implementation scope
argument-hint: [Feature ID]
allowed-tools: Read, Write, Bash, Glob
---
# Command Instructions

Use the `product-discovery` skill to define a specific feature with clear requirements, acceptance criteria, and implementation scope.

The skill provides the feature template structure and product discovery methodology.

## Context

User provides the new feature name and context as an argument to this command: $ARGUMENTS.
If not, ask user to enter feature name and description in the current session. This is basis for the feature definition.

Verify that `product/product.md` exists. If not, suggest to run `/define-product` first.

**Required Reading:**

- Read `product/product.md` to get product context
- Other files referenced by user

## Task

1. **Understand Context**: Review product definition and identify this feature's role
2. **Understand Goal**: Think what problem the feature solves and define its goal
3. **User Perspective**: Focus on user value and business outcomes
4. **UI/UX**: Describe the required UI interactions (if any)
5. **Dependencies**: Determine dependencies to other features and external systems
6. **Identify Gaps and Inconsistencies**: Figure out gaps in feature requirements. Check for inconsistencies and ambiguous language. Think what clarifications are absolutely necessary in order to start feature implementation
7. **Write output file**:
    - Create (or update if exist) `product/features/F000-FeatureName/feature.md` following the feature template.
    - Feature ID format: Use `F000-FeatureName` with sequentionally increasing number, starting at F001, example: `F001-UserLogin`
    - Use crystal clear and concise wording
    - List all open questions that need stakeholder input

## Clarifications

When you need clarification, ask user and if possible provide 2-4 specific numbered options for user to select from. Be concise and clear to simplify user decision making. Ask one question at a time.

Use this format:

---
**Question**: [Specific question about unclear requirement]

**Why it matters**: [A very brief explanation of what it affects]

**Options**:

1. Most likely or recommended option with brief rationale
2. Alternative, with trade-offs
A. Another - Please Specify [let the user to write]
E. Explain more context about this decision and ask again
P. Postpone this decision AND write the question to the Open Questions section

Your choice:

---
